Document automatically create network policies to allow Prometheus scraping traffic for workloads annotated with prometheus.io/scrape (#292)
otterize/docs: docs/reference/otterize-chart/README.mdx

| `intentsOperator.operator.enableIstioPolicyCreation`               | Whether the operator should create Istio authorization policies according to `ClientIntents`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `true`                                                               |

> | `operator.automateThirdPartyNetworkPolicies`                       | Automatically creates network policies to allow required traffic from load balancers, reverse proxies, and Prometheus by tracking Service and Ingress resources, as well as Prometheus scrape annotations. To enable Prometheus metrics scraping traffic, `prometheusServerConfigs` must be set as well                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `ifBlockedByOtterize`                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `operator.automateThirdPartyNetworkPolicies`                       | Automatically creates network policies to allow required traffic from load balancers, reverse proxies, and Prometheus by tracking Service and Ingress resources, as well as `prometheus.io/scrape` annotations. To enable Prometheus metrics scraping traffic, `prometheusServerConfigs` must be set                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `ifBlockedByOtterize`                                                |
```

> | `operator.prometheusServerConfigs`                                 | Restricts the automatically created network policies for Prometheus metrics scraping to only originate from Prometheus server. A list of objects with keys `name`, `namespace` and `kind`, such as `Deployment`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `(none)`                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `operator.prometheusServerConfigs`                                 | Specifies where the Prometheus pods are. Required for Otterize to automatically allow access for Prometheus to pods that request monitoring. A list of objects with keys `name`, `namespace` and `kind`, such as `Deployment`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `(none)`                                                             |
```
